hey i get it airports planes
annoying seat neighbors traveling is
stressful tensions rise
and sometimes you can't help but blow
off some steam
but try to stay cool you don't want to
get a yellow card for misbehavior do you
the no-fly list is nothing new but not
many have heard of these so-called
yellow cards
every time you buy a ticket you enter
into a contract with the airline
it has regulations and expectations
you're supposed to abide by
so sorry but airlines can reject
passengers
if they feel that the person's behavior
or condition jeopardizes flight safety
or
order yes even if you spent money on a
ticket
a yellow card is basically a warning
before that happens
just like in soccer in the game you get
two yellow card warnings
and then it's a red card you're done you
get sent off the field and banned for
the rest of the match
possibly even multiple future games but
with airlines
you get only one yellow warning and then
you're
out of there right out the door at 30
000 feet
well not quite a staff member will
politely ask you to change your ways
calm down act sensible to basically stop
being a bozo
you might even get a few polite but
stern verbal warnings
but once they've had enough out comes
the dreaded yellow card
now no flight attendant will blow a
whistle and hold a yellow card over your
head
it'll be a piece of paper with final
warning written big and bold right in
the middle so you can't miss it
there will be some more riding after
that letting you know that they've asked
you to stop
you haven't listened and if you continue
they'll call the authorities
in fact if you get a yellow card while
you're still at the airport
say you were making a scene at the
check-in desk or security screening
they can refuse to board you so
let's see what this serious misconduct
is
and what you can do instead to get
rewarded with an upgrade
you have to be respectful and attentive
to everything the crew says
even if you've heard the same
instruction a million times
put your seat in the upright position
stow away your tray table
turn off your phone or laptop and so on
it's not to annoy or inconvenience you
their requests are for everyone's safety
a reclined seat and a tray table can
keep you and others from getting out
fast enough in case of an evacuation
as for your gadgets if you don't turn
them off or switch them to airplane mode
the signals coming out and going into
them can interfere with the airplane's
navigation system
just be patient and wait until they say
you can switch your devices back on
it'll only be a few minutes keeping
passengers calm and respectful
is for the crew's well-being too
airlines are serious about their
employees right to work in a civilized
and orderly environment
if they're tense upset or distracted by
a passenger giving them trouble
they can't do their very important job
the best they can
and same goes for overly friendly
behavior even if your flight attendant
was the kindest most attentive person
ever
don't try to hug them in fact don't
touch them at all
a simple thank you and a genuine smile
will do
conflict or unwelcome physical contact
between travelers
is another ticket to a severe warning
for
all the participants so if someone's
instigating you
don't fall for it stay cool and don't
make a scene
just quietly inform the crew that
someone's bothering you
don't ruin the seat or tray table
anything you use or is given to you on
the plane
unless you're told otherwise is the
airline's property
meaning you can't take any blankets
pillows earplugs and even the earphones
okay you probably won't be punished with
a yellow card but better double check
before you take anything
just out of common decency never take
your shoes off on a plane
hey the floor is filthy so it's in your
own interest
secondly and no offense to you but the
stink
might offend others but more importantly
your shoes might trip you or
other passengers during an evacuation
you'll also be missing much needed
protection for your feet in that same
dire situation the air crew will remind
you of that
some rules are obvious don't leave your
seat during takeoff and landing
yeah but what if i really need to go to
the bathroom
sorry but there are no exceptions you
can fall down and
injure yourself other passengers or crew
members
try to hold it until the captain's
turned off the seatbelt sign
better yet hit the bathroom before you
board
other rules though aren't so clear like
that you just can't help yourself to an
open seat as you please
ask first if the flight attendant says
no
just accept it correct weight
distribution is crucial on airplanes
you'll probably be denied simply for
safety
now about that emergency exit row those
super
comfortable seats with a lot of leg rope
they're only given to adults who are
physically or mentally capable of
helping the crew during an evacuation
don't be offended if you're denied the
spacious seat but
no big loss really it's a huge
responsibility
these seats usually don't recline and
the tray tables are smaller
food on board it's practically tasteless
hey
it's actually not the food it's you you
lose most of your sense of taste because
of the cabin's dry air
you tasteless person you but anyway if
for some reason you decided to bring
your own lunch
make sure your food won't be at someone
else's inconvenience
that can of swedish sir stroming
delicious but
stinky so please don't choose that as
your mid-flight snack
ding ding i want an extra pillow
ding hey dingbat the flight attendant's
first priority is to keep you safe
not act as a personal servant be
discreet when you hit that call button
if you're feeling unwell and need
assistance if you're thirsty or if it's
urgent
don't hesitate to use it but if the
flight attendants are
already busy serving dinner or helping
others be patient
and don't be a dingbat you wouldn't go
into someone's house and throw your
trash everywhere right
well planes are no different be sure
your garbage is neatly collected
and doesn't touch other people's clothes
or bags
also seat pockets are not a trash
collector
if the seatbelt sign is off and the
flight attendants are busy
feel free to get up and throw it away
yourself in the galley
it'll be a nice stretch for your legs
hey we all like
jokes but what's funny to you can be
quite the opposite for others
any comments that could possibly be
taken as threatening or
insulting are forboden airline staff
have the right to remove you from a
flight
if there's a remote chance you might
endanger people on board
even if you were just kidding
by the way there are some things you
might consider harmless
but the airline will disagree batteries
magnets a can of hairspray before
packing your bag
and heading to the airport make sure
everything you put in there
doesn't break air travel rules you can
find a list of prohibited
items online if there's anything that'll
guarantee a serious reprimanding
it's touching the safety equipment
trying to open the overhead compartments
where the oxygen masks are
accidentally pulling out the safety vest
under your seat
even tinkering with any of the doors
either exits or to the cockpit
big no no now about upgrading
it is possible if you play it right if
you're already on board
ask politely and expect a refusal but
passengers are sometimes given a higher
class seat if there are any
and it won't throw the weight off
balance
your best chances though are before
boarding when the flight is overbooked
they might ask volunteers to give up
their seat entirely
do it then you'll have leveraging power
to get a nicer one on a different flight
hey if you're in no rush to get where
you're headed
why not enjoy first or business class at
an economy price